Dominique Pozo: Hi.
Dianna Jaramillo: How are you there. I was on hold with them for geez like 15 minutes they kept me on hold.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, no problem. So I say, you know, if you want to take your camera off. That'll save some data for you. Do you want to
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay, yeah, I want to do.
Dominique Pozo: That let's do that.
Dominique Pozo: Save your data and then we'll, we'll see if there's times when it would be helpful. Like if you make any art for me to see that, then
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay, we'll take it off.
Dominique Pozo: And then you can bring it back on. Okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay, let's see here.
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay, there
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. So how are you doing
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm, I'm okay. I guess it's going to kind of the same, I suppose, is the other day just just here and
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know. You know, things are just still kind of
Dianna Jaramillo: Weird it's it's it's weird, cuz like everybody
Dianna Jaramillo: Everybody that I have talked to her any of my friends or anything like that. Everybody just feels the same. It's kind of tense, like there's this
Dianna Jaramillo: This tense negative vibe. It's just everywhere. It just feels it just feels awful like people really aren't taking care of themselves, right now, and everybody's just really stressed out and
Dianna Jaramillo: And handling things very well, you know, so I'm really just trying to stay away as much as I can from from all of it, but
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know, it's, it's kind of the same, you know, nothing's really better or worse or anything.
Dominique Pozo: What are you trying to stay away from the people that are negative or from what
Dianna Jaramillo: Or like everybody. Cuz everybody that I've gone around so like last night, my friend and her husband. They came over and everything was fine were cooking were making hamburgers and stuff and
Dianna Jaramillo: And after a little while, like they started fighting and it was really bad. And it was like over nothing. And
Dianna Jaramillo: And so we ended up just taking them home and it was just awful. It ended up being really awful.
Dominique Pozo: Shoot. Yeah. So there's yeah there's a lot of stress right now.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, all over the place. And then these are like, we don't really hang out with anybody. And we have another couple that that we hang out with once in a great while and you know and then it ended up like that. So it's sucked.
Dominique Pozo: Um, yeah, that sounds disappointing. It's
Dominique Pozo: Like it could have been really
Dominique Pozo: Special to have some connection with people, but
Dominique Pozo: It wasn't yeah uplifting.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Exactly. That's what I
Dianna Jaramillo: was hoping for. But yeah, not so much.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Well,
Dominique Pozo: Did you, how did you take care of yourself for the rest of the night last night.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh, I was fine. We we
Dianna Jaramillo: We just hung out really me and me and Eric. We just hung out and we just put on a movie and maybe we talked about it, like, you know, what the hell was that and and
Dianna Jaramillo: And it was a queer. We were actually really
Dianna Jaramillo: thankful that we're not like that. And, you know, so it was actually a good talk that we ended up having because of that. So,
Dianna Jaramillo: So, you know, it was, it was fine. It was disappointing.
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm first but
Dianna Jaramillo: But it was it ended up fine. I mean, like we had a good conversation and
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, major s'mores.
Dominique Pozo: Sweet.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, and it. And so it was good. It was fine.
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh. That's great. So it sounds like it kind of highlighted. So what are some of the things that work really well between you and Eric
Dianna Jaramillo: Um,
Dianna Jaramillo: Um, well.
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know, I think, like, we're
Dianna Jaramillo: We're really similar. And so
Dianna Jaramillo: We see a lot of the same things the same way we see eye to eye on a lot of things like most things and so things are pretty much stable between us, for the most part we're or
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, we're pretty good match but but like when it, when there is an argument or
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know, like, not really an argument, but I don't know it, it can go from the just bad to really horrible really, really fast.
Dominique Pozo: With you and Eric
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay but but that doesn't happen very often it happens. Rarely, but when it happens, it's really awful like it leaves me feeling really insecure and and just totally not stable and just really awful for days after
Dominique Pozo: Well, I can imagine, because from what I've heard, you're not working.
Dominique Pozo: You're
Dominique Pozo: You know, you're kind of living there with him. And I don't know if he's supporting you all
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah. Well, well, not now. I mean, he's not working at all right now. He hasn't worked for a few months now. And so it's been
Dianna Jaramillo: Really hard and he's, he's a worker. He's worked his whole entire life, he's a hard worker and so to not be working is really stressful for him, he, he hates it. And he hates just being stuck at home and
Dianna Jaramillo: So there's been a lot of extra tension there for sure.
Dianna Jaramillo: And and and you know he's in recovery to, like, they said, and like he doesn't ever want to use it. He doesn't think about using or talk about using or anything.
Dianna Jaramillo: But one thing is that like once in a while. He'll drink water drink.
Dianna Jaramillo: And that's when I get worried because when he drinks. He completely changes.
Dominique Pozo: Well that's, that's another addiction, for sure. And
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, especially you know if he's not doing it every night. But it sounds like there's, it's a it's a way that he's something he's using to cope that
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, exactly. And I've tried to
Dianna Jaramillo: Get into that with him and just sort of talk, talk about it and you know just discuss what's going on there and
Dianna Jaramillo: And he kind of clams up. He's not a really
Dianna Jaramillo: Open person he he's very, very privately. He keeps a lot of things really inside. He's an introvert like crazy.
Dianna Jaramillo: And he keeps things he keeps things, you know, really deep inside, he doesn't get he doesn't. It's like real surface. Most of the time with him so that that makes things kind of weird to
Dianna Jaramillo: Uh huh. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Well, let's focus since he's not here with us today. Let's focus on your part. And what you can do to keep taking care of yourself it, but it sounds like right now things are okay you but
Dominique Pozo: Sometimes, there could be a blow out but right now.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, yeah. Right now, it's, it's, kind of, okay, I mean, there was a thing that happened.
Dianna Jaramillo: A couple nights ago where he
Dianna Jaramillo: Did drink and and he just kind of turns on me all out of the blue just totally out of the blue. He'll just turn on me and like for really no reason. He'll just make something up in his mind and just explode.
Dianna Jaramillo: And you know that happened a couple days ago. And I'm after a long time to, you know, it's been, gosh, like a month, I guess, and something like that happened and
Dianna Jaramillo: And
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, it still feels really unstable for me. And so I I think about it in the back of my mind, like, you know, what if
Dianna Jaramillo: Something happened. You know, like, what, what would I do, how could I take care of myself, how could I be okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: How would they be okay. And, you know, how would I handle things. And what would I do and
Dianna Jaramillo: Just to have some kind of a plan, just in case you know
Dianna Jaramillo: And so that's kind of still where my mind is, I don't
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know, I just, I'm not, I'm not even really sure, because I don't have anybody. I don't have any fallback whatsoever. I don't have
Dianna Jaramillo: You know family here or
Dianna Jaramillo: Anything I mean my, my parents, but you know the situation there.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Gotcha. Sounds like even more like I know I've been witnessing you with your parents having to just bring your energy into yourself and learn how to take care of yourself and
Dominique Pozo: It's not that you don't want to be dependent on are interdependent with Eric, but it also seems like there's another call to keep thinking, okay, how can I best take care of yourself because can't. At this point, I can't expect anyone else to do it fully so
Dianna Jaramillo: Right. Right. Exactly. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Great. So what are some of the things you've come up with as far as okay you know and I don't want to catastrophizing. I don't want to
Dianna Jaramillo: Wait for
Dominique Pozo: That but I just
Dominique Pozo: Write it whether Eric was in the picture or not. How could you best take care of yourself.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right. Right. Exactly. And I've
Dianna Jaramillo: I mean I all I can really come up with is that, you know, I would just be alone and
Dianna Jaramillo: I mean, my, my only option without him and or a vehicle.
Dianna Jaramillo: There's this little gas station. That's really close to where we live, and I could always easily get a job there and walk running back and forth and you know when when they start hiring again and and and and just
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, be by myself and then we'd be really weird because we've been in this House, we got it together. And I'm, um,
Dianna Jaramillo: You know his
Dianna Jaramillo: all his stuff is here and like it would just, it would be really, really weird. And obviously, I mean, I know that you know Breakups are awful and getting used to a whole new life is
Dianna Jaramillo: Awful. And it can be really hard and everything, but you know if that happened. What choice what I have. I would have to just sort of get used to
Dianna Jaramillo: Get used to things and just get used to being alone and hopefully I'm sure I would be able to easily get a job at that gas station and at least, I would have that, you know, to
Dianna Jaramillo: Take my time and and
Dianna Jaramillo: Have a job and at least be bringing in some money.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, so do you envision that you would still cohabitate you just wouldn't be together.
Dianna Jaramillo: No, no, he would leave
Dominique Pozo: Oh, he would be okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Well, it doesn't seem. I mean, is that something that you're considering
Dianna Jaramillo: If, as if worse came to worse and and he ended up leaving or whatever the situation where we just didn't end up making it. That's, that's all I would be able to do there. There's nothing else because I don't have a vehicle. I can get the kind of job that I would
Dianna Jaramillo: Want to get, you know, by going to Santa Fe, or traveling whatsoever because I live in the middle of nowhere and the only walk. The only thing that's walking distance is that little gas station. So I would sort of have no other choice but to do that and hopefully try and save enough to
Dianna Jaramillo: Be able to get a vehicle. I mean, as a matter of fact, I'm hoping if and when the that stimulus check comes through that.
Dianna Jaramillo: I can you know maybe look at a vehicle or
Dianna Jaramillo: Something like that. I mean, I'm a few months behind on the rent already. And I'm really thankful for this landlord was a friend of mine before
Dianna Jaramillo: Before I ever had him as a landlord and he's he's really I'm so thankful for him, he's, he doesn't bit your bug about money or, you know, he knows the situation. Totally. So he's he's really cool. He's been really
Dianna Jaramillo: Great to us now. With all this going on so
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, so I don't know. I mean, I would like to be able to pay him something if I get that check but um
Dianna Jaramillo: I would also like to have a vehicle, just so I have some kind of backup plan.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dianna Jaramillo: Just in case.
You know,
Dominique Pozo: So when I hear everything you're saying it sounds a little bit unsteady like you know
Dianna Jaramillo: David, it is it's it is unsteady in it. It's always been unsteady honestly like there's been very few times that I've actually felt like we were solid like between me and him there's, it's been
Dianna Jaramillo: In the last year that we've been together. It's been like
Dianna Jaramillo: Maybe twice that I actually felt like we were actually solid and like, you know, we would be able to work through stuff, but the more
Dianna Jaramillo: The more I
Dianna Jaramillo: Learned him and know him.
Dianna Jaramillo: The less secure I feel
Dominique Pozo: Uh huh huh
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah. And so right now it's, you know, honestly, like I really, really care about him. I really do love him. But, um,
Dianna Jaramillo: It just feels like
Dianna Jaramillo: You know anything could happen. Anything could change on on in a heartbeat.
Dianna Jaramillo: And like I said, like we do get along, like, really, for the most part, like 90% of the time, everything's good. And we're fine. But he is impossible to talk to if if an issue comes up.
Dianna Jaramillo: He refuses to talk he would rather explode. And that's not me. I, I'll say it down and I'll try and have a conversation and and i'm i'm i know compassionate communication and they know
Dianna Jaramillo: How to, you know, communicate in those kinds of situations and he is the furthest
Dianna Jaramillo: From that he does not
Dianna Jaramillo: Talk. He does not communicate, he doesn't get deep down into feelings or anything like that like he'd rather just exploded and walk up he would just rather walk out of the situation, walk away.
Dominique Pozo: That's really hard to work to work with.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, it's, it's impossible to to talk to him. So you know I don't know I don't know what's gonna happen or where this is going. It kind of feels like convenience.
Dominique Pozo: Really
Dianna Jaramillo: Cuz he doesn't he doesn't really talk to me about our relationship or you know where we're going or where he wants to be or, you know, anything like that. So it just kind of feels like
Dianna Jaramillo: We're just sort of here in limbo, and we get along. We laugh. We have fun. We, you know, do all kinds of cool stuff together. Yeah, but, um,
Dianna Jaramillo: It's like it's kind of like time bomb is what it feels like.
Dominique Pozo: That sounds kind of scary like just waiting for something
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, that's
Dianna Jaramillo: That's how it's been for for an entire year.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, like I just don't know what's going to happen any day any day. Anything could happen. And I just feel so thankful on the days that nothing happens. And we get along and everything's
Dianna Jaramillo: Good. And I just try and
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, keep things calm and
Dianna Jaramillo: And yeah, he's got a lot of issues. He's got a lot of anger stuff for sure.
Dianna Jaramillo: So it's hard to, it's hard to know what's going to happen. So I just
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, my gosh, I just felt like the my blood pressure must be a mess, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Because I just never know. And I just, I just want everything to be okay but
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, I really just have to take care of myself. I really do.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I didn't expect to hear this from how we started the session by you sharing that your friends came and got into a fight, and then you and Eric kind of thing, like how grateful you are that you weren't like that.
Dominique Pozo: And now I'm yeah actually maybe there's more than I thought.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely. And that's why, you know, I was really, I was really happy because we got to talk about that later. Wasn't any deep conversation or anything, but it was like we saw them treating each other that way and
Dianna Jaramillo: And the way he talked to me after that, after we went and drop them off was like you know he was
Dianna Jaramillo: He was thankful and and he rarely talks like that, you know, like you
Dianna Jaramillo: Really will get get into any kind of feelings in a conversation. But he said, you know, said he was so thankful that we're not like that and and you know that
Dianna Jaramillo: That we're
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know. I really honestly don't even know how he sees us how he sees our relationship or how he sees me. I really don't know.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, but once in a while, he'll do something like that or say certain things that are just surprising and and makes me feel like, Okay, we're going to be, you know, we're okay. We're going to be okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: But i don't know i i can't really see how I could make it in a relationship with someone who is
Dianna Jaramillo: Just, just has serious, serious anger issues.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it sounds like there's not much intimacy happening.
Dominique Pozo: Right. And, you know, from my experience with you. You're very easy to you can easily. You know, dive down and talk about deep things and really feel through them. And so that's
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, and correct me if I'm wrong, but it sounds like it's not that satisfying
Dianna Jaramillo: No, no, it's not. It's not. I wish I had the kind of
Dianna Jaramillo: Closeness like a like a closeness with him.
Then
Dianna Jaramillo: That you get from, you know, communication and
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, just kind of
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know, deeper, deeper than what it is because really it's just been like I said, it's been mostly for the most part it's all surface with him. It's not doesn't ever go very deep or yeah and
Dianna Jaramillo: And I don't know. I don't know what it like he really hides. He really really hides inside himself.
Dianna Jaramillo: And and and and I don't you know i don't i'm i'm easy I'm easy to talk to him, easy to get along with and and
Dianna Jaramillo: And I don't know, there's a lot of trust stuff there. He doesn't trust a lot, no matter what I've done or what I could possibly do. That's, that's his thing. Like there's nothing I could possibly do to make him. See how that you know that I am trustworthy or that
Dianna Jaramillo: I do love him.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, there's nothing I could do. He'll just
Dianna Jaramillo: That's that is the that is the thing that he doesn't trust her doesn't believe in you know that loving this kind of relationship as possible because he doesn't know he doesn't
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it sounds like some some deep insecurities on his end and a lot of unreal hurt.
Dominique Pozo: You know, because the anger is just hiding hurt so right.
Dominique Pozo: Wow. Well, this is this is big and it's what a tricky situation because with this whole coven thing you guys. It's not like you're here, but there's really not much room to make, you know, big changes at the moment because there's not so much support in place for that.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right right at all. Exactly. And it's hard.
Dianna Jaramillo: For me sometimes, because it brings up so much of
Dianna Jaramillo: My own stuff like with my, my parents and and it's like
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm not having anybody you know and like abandonment stuff and
Dianna Jaramillo: And just being being alone and like everybody just
Dianna Jaramillo: Almost like it's me, like, what is it about me.
Dianna Jaramillo: That makes people just not want anything to do with me. You know, I don't know. It just brings up a lot of that kind of stuff. Like, I'm just going to be alone and fending for myself with nothing and nobody
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah i i'm really hearing. It's kind of touching that core wound of, like, what's wrong with me, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah yeah
Dianna Jaramillo: And I just want to find find a way
Dianna Jaramillo: Where no matter what happens, I'll be okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, because I was alone. I was totally alone with no relationship. No dating, no nothing for you know just over six years before I even met Eric
Dianna Jaramillo: He's the first relationship that I got into after all that time six and a half years I was with nobody. I didn't even talk to anybody that will time
Dianna Jaramillo: He's, he's the very first one and then for it to end up like this, after all that time, it reminded me away. I said before, you know, like, I don't want to take chances like that. I don't want to give my heart that way.
Dianna Jaramillo: To anybody and I just kind of jumped into it because of everything that was happening in my life at that time and and it's it's done so much more damage.
Dianna Jaramillo: Hmm. In this last year, I feel like I've been so wounded in this last year.
Hmm.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Hmm, well let's um let's take a moment and
Dominique Pozo: Give yourself a little empathy, some self empathy just acknowledging that you know you have needs for connection companionship and
Dominique Pozo: You know, I'm sure there's other needs like you know touch and warmth and maybe some of the other things that you're getting. So just having a little bit of compassion for yourself and saying okay like I need these things and
Dominique Pozo: And here I am now you know so
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Well, it sounds like you're very clear Diana and I i think it seems like it's just a matter of waiting this timeout to see how, you know, if you really do want to make a chain how that could happen what it would look like, and
Dominique Pozo: And how
Dominique Pozo: How you all can dialogue about it in a really mature way and not have it be a blow out because that's going to be traumatizing you know it's gonna re traumatized something if it turns into a big escalation.
Dianna Jaramillo: Great. Right. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: And
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, I don't, I don't know how to have that kind of mature conversation with him because
Dianna Jaramillo: The couple of times I did try to talk to him and have that kind of mature conversation. It did just exploded my face within a matter of seconds. So I don't know.
Dianna Jaramillo: How to how to do that, you know, really, I just try and
Dianna Jaramillo: I just try and like I said just
Dianna Jaramillo: Keep things calm. Don't go too deep. Don't say the wrong thing.
Dominique Pozo: Tony nice I it sounds to me that you're in an abusive relationship.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, that's what it. I know I keep I keep thinking that
Dianna Jaramillo: To myself.
Dianna Jaramillo: To
Dominique Pozo: The things that you're telling me, like, okay, just keep it calm, be nice. Don't go too deep. Don't don't like upset him because what could happen would be horrible. So that sounds, it's you know it's walking on eggshells around someone who
Dominique Pozo: Is it like you said, is a time bomb.
Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, it is. That's what it is. It's I've, I've thought about that so many times. And that's exactly what it is. I haven't actually said it out loud to myself but but that is what it is that it is. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: And I don't know.
Dianna Jaramillo: What the hell I'm doing or
Dianna Jaramillo: Or what to do about it.
Dominique Pozo: Do you have a friend. I'm not going to go into fear, although I am going to say, I'm just concerned for you because I see how well you're doing in your recovery and
Dominique Pozo: You know, through our individual work. I just, I've gotten such a sense in your, in your own psyche. I feel like you're in, you know, a healthy place and i just i i wonder
Dominique Pozo: Do you have a friend that you could move in with if you if you decide, because who knows how long this is going to last you know
Dianna Jaramillo: Right, exactly. And and no I have nobody I have absolutely nobody
Dianna Jaramillo: I have nobody. I mean, I have my, my friend and her husband from last night, but they already have like four people living with them because she moves people in and she has a really big heart.
Dianna Jaramillo: And I know you know i i could actually live over there, but they already have a bunch of people living there and
Dianna Jaramillo: And that's it. I don't have anybody. There's not one single person that I feel like I could run to
Dominique Pozo: Does he has
Dominique Pozo: He could
Dominique Pozo: Could he does he do you think he could figure out somewhere to go this is total hypothetical. But if you just, you know, express that you're not happy in this
Dominique Pozo: And
Dominique Pozo: You know, could he find somewhere to go with what he have a place to go, or is that not
Dianna Jaramillo: I will yeah I yeah I think so. I mean, he has his parents and
Dianna Jaramillo: He has other friends and stuff in in town in Santa Fe and like, I'm sure he would, he would be okay for sure if you have
Dominique Pozo: I'm wondering, I do you want to put your camera on for a second. I feel like this is we're getting into some Yeah, really. I kind of want to track you a little bit
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I definitely don't want to lead you down this road, Diana, I'm just thinking of, you know, different scenarios.
Dianna Jaramillo: So I thought, I thought about it so many times I've thought about it a million times and
Dianna Jaramillo: It's almost like I don't know which is worse, keeping
Dianna Jaramillo: The relationship going keeping him here or being alone. I don't know which is worse because I don't know what I would do, I don't have anybody to give me a ride to the grocery store to get groceries or to go get my medication every week or whatever, you know, like, I don't
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't have any help. I don't have anybody that I could ask for help.
Dianna Jaramillo: At all. You know, so it's a being
Dianna Jaramillo: With him at least
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, there's that I get. I get that out of it, but I don't know which is worse. I really don't. I would be scared to death to be alone with nothing and nobody would be really, really scared.
Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, as bad as it is like as scary as my life is on a daily basis with him.
Dianna Jaramillo: I would be just as scared without without a
Dominique Pozo: While I have to thought some. I'm wondering if the neighbor that you cook for you told me these older folks.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And if there's any other neighbors that you could do some sort of exchange and say, you know, these are the few needs. I have every week. Could we work out an agreement.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, they don't they don't have a vehicle or anything. They don't have anything. They have a shitty, shitty little house, and one of them gets picked up to go
Dianna Jaramillo: Work hard labor, because, you know, and I mean this guy's in his mid 60s and he's doing hard labor and they don't have money, they don't have a vehicle. They have nothing.
Dominique Pozo: Are you on that, um,
Dominique Pozo: I got it used to be Obamacare. What is the health insurance that the government pays for you on
Dianna Jaramillo: The Centennial
Dominique Pozo: Centennial yeah are you
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, cuz i i do think they do offer rides. There's if you look on your benefits.
Dominique Pozo: You can get rides to appointments or things so
Dianna Jaramillo: Appointments like medical appointments
Dianna Jaramillo: And therapy appointments, you can, but they don't do rides to like pick up medication to go get prescriptions and stuff like that.
Dominique Pozo: They don't
Dianna Jaramillo: You know,
Dianna Jaramillo: And that's, that's it. They don't do rides for anything else at all. It's
Dianna Jaramillo: Like strictly for appointments
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, because I used to work with them a lot for that for my job that I used to do. Okay. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: So,
Dianna Jaramillo: It's, it's like a rock and a hard place. This is the worst it's ever been. For me, I never thought I would be in a position like this ever again.
Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Into your am yeah
Dominique Pozo: Well, everything's temporary. So let's just see you know how you can get through this time. What's, what's the best way to get through it, you know, taking care of your needs.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, that's what I'm trying to do, just get through it.
Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Just get through each day, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Where is he now.
Dianna Jaramillo: Hey, he went over there to the neighbor's house. The those old men that live right there. He went over there.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Has he ever hit you.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, twice the last time was like probably about
Dianna Jaramillo: Like six or five or six months ago.
Dianna Jaramillo: twice in the last year. Yeah, so that's always in up there.
Dianna Jaramillo: To like that's always in the back of my mind to
Dianna Jaramillo: You know things about bad enough, and he
Dianna Jaramillo: got mad enough. I know that he's capable of that. So that's always kind of in the back of my mind.
Dianna Jaramillo: I really never thought I would let this happen again. Yeah, be in this kind of relationship. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I don't know what Esperanza is doing right now.
Dominique Pozo: But I just wonder if the shelter.
Dominique Pozo: An option or possibility at this time. It seems like everything so kind of weird with the whole coven. I don't know if
Dominique Pozo: That would be
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know. I
Dianna Jaramillo: Don't even, I don't know.
Dianna Jaramillo: The thing is, is like
Dianna Jaramillo: He kind of
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm
Dianna Jaramillo: Like this thing he does when he gets mad.
Dianna Jaramillo: It's like, I don't care. I don't give a shit. I don't care about you. You don't mean chick to me only right now. So it's not like like this weird possessive thing at all. You know, like he doesn't do that at all. Mostly it's like I don't give a shit about you. You don't mean shit to be
Dianna Jaramillo: Only right now you know and like, and he said that a million times, and he's actually left a couple of times for a couple days and then he comes back and
Dianna Jaramillo: I mean, not that frickin hurts to
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
But, um,
Dianna Jaramillo: Um, you know, so it's not like he wants to
Dianna Jaramillo: Keep me
Dianna Jaramillo: Or like, you know, you know what I mean, like, yes.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, and like that like like he's, he doesn't care like He'll. He'll leave, he doesn't care.
Dianna Jaramillo: At all, you know, and he knows he'll he'll leave me with nothing. He doesn't give
Dianna Jaramillo: You said it's about leaving
Dominique Pozo: So yeah, so what I'm hearing is your, your tiptoeing around him to not have any eruption. And you're also you need him on some level for some very basic things right now.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Well, I really, I'm going to invite you to think about in the next week.
Dominique Pozo: How do you get those needs met in another way, because this doesn't sound so safe and
Dianna Jaramillo: Yet it's not
Dianna Jaramillo: And it doesn't feel safe.
Dominique Pozo: And it also doesn't feel a seam with with all of the gifts and talents and everything you have. It seems like it keeps keeps things a lot more compressed than they
Dominique Pozo: Then they could be, you know, with everything you have. I just have this image. Have you been able to really open and like flower into your fullness, but having to hold back in such a way
Dominique Pozo: Yes, I get really compressed is who you are.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, yeah, very much. Very, very much so.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, it's like Mei Mei whole world has just gotten so small and
Dianna Jaramillo: And and and it's it's amazing, it's the absolute polar opposite of what my life was. Yeah, a year ago.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, you know, because like I was doing all these big things. And I had this really great
Dianna Jaramillo: Career going for myself and I was winning awards and I mean congressmen were giving me awards on
Dianna Jaramillo: Them for of the the roundhouse at the Capitol.
Dianna Jaramillo: In front of
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, a couple thousand people. I was doing speeches about my recovery in front of hundreds and hundreds of people
Dianna Jaramillo: They were calling me to
Dianna Jaramillo: Do these speeches i mean i mean i won that award out of like 600 and some people
Dominique Pozo: Wow. Wow.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, like those are the things I was doing. I mean, I was, I was really growing in and
Dianna Jaramillo: I was like people knew me the whole recovery community in New Mexico, New me. They all knew my name and
Dianna Jaramillo: I mean, I was doing huge things building programs and I was asked to be on a on a task force for a congressman for women in recovery and, you know, and now it's, it's like, yeah, yeah, I'm just not at all what I was a year ago.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I really get that what what happened. Was it because of the relationship at things just you just kept getting more inward or why did all
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh no, what happened was I
Dianna Jaramillo: That this PMS took over Presbyterian took over the Medical Center. I was out because the CEO.
Dianna Jaramillo: He actually embezzled a whole bunch of money and so they couldn't afford to keep going. So they had to bring in somebody to rescue them. And so PMS came in and took over. And when PMS came in and took over. They said they didn't need peers anymore. They didn't need
Dianna Jaramillo: You know certified peers anymore.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, so, so they all out of the blue, like this was totally unexpected got rid of me and this one other male peer that I was working with
Dianna Jaramillo: And running this whole huge program with
Dianna Jaramillo: And it was just so all of a sudden I really kind of flipped out like I was not prepared for it and I freaked out and I i made mistakes I made some mistakes and I I was drinking there was like it was like a week.
Dianna Jaramillo: Straight that I was drinking and me and my mom actually own the
Dianna Jaramillo: Own the house together.
Dianna Jaramillo: That we bought together we live together. I mean, I had a beautiful vehicle at everything. And when she
Dianna Jaramillo: She saw me like that. I mean, I was really like losing it. I just really freaked out during that time, it was like to a two week period. That's when I met Eric
Dianna Jaramillo: And I was drinking and I was not doing good. I was really freaked out depressed and
Dianna Jaramillo: And that's when I met Eric. And so I just kind of went with him. I just went with him and we ended up on this month long
Dianna Jaramillo: Just we were all over the place. I didn't. I wasn't using or anything like that. I was really just drinking
Dianna Jaramillo: And him to. He didn't use or anything like that. He was just drinking a lot like all day, all night every day for like a month.
Dianna Jaramillo: And then when that started coming down like my mom was already like you get the hell out of here and I don't want you here and
Dianna Jaramillo: She changed the locks on me, even though my name is on everything. My name is on the house. My name is on the land and I just said, How is it. I don't want to be here anyway. And so I just let her. I just kind of let her get away with that.
Dianna Jaramillo: Now I didn't really fight for it at all.
Dianna Jaramillo: And and so that's how I just ended up
Dianna Jaramillo: Here I found this little trailer because I knew that my friend, the landlord rented little trailers and then we just moved in. And that's just where we've been ever since I
Dominique Pozo: Got it.
Dianna Jaramillo: But it was, it was like a drunken blur that whole month enough
Dianna Jaramillo: That I ended up with him.
Dianna Jaramillo: So it came from shit and it ended up being shit.
Yeah yeah
Dianna Jaramillo: And I lost everything. I lost my my house, my beautiful brand new vehicle my land I lost everything because I chose to stay with him to be with him.
Dominique Pozo: How did you lose your vehicle. Did your mom with it. And her name or something.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, she was the main
Dianna Jaramillo: On it. She was the main person on it and
Dianna Jaramillo: It was paid off. I paid it off and everything, and she kept it and she sold it when I didn't know like two weeks after she gave me a chance. She didn't even give me a chance to
Dianna Jaramillo: Really to fight for anything. She didn't give me a chance at all. She sold it. She right from under me. She didn't talk to me. She didn't tell me anything. She just sold it. She got rid of all my stuff. Everything that I had in the house. She got rid of everything.
Dianna Jaramillo: without saying a word to me.
Dianna Jaramillo: Just everything was gone. All of a sudden like like within two weeks, all of my stuff was gone after me and her living together for seven years within two weeks she completely got rid of me from her life.
Dominique Pozo: Well, it sounds like, I don't know how many times you all had had situations when you were using, but it sounds like that was the last straw for her.
Dianna Jaramillo: Eat after all those years after all that time everything we had built. I mean, we were so so close.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, and
Dianna Jaramillo: And she knew what my job meant to me and she knew why are hurt me so bad.
Dianna Jaramillo: To lose that and and and it was like she totally turned on me. The minute I didn't have my job anymore.
Dianna Jaramillo: And I wasn't bringing in all this money and you know stuff. It was like she totally she turned on me before I even left the house before I even met Eric or went on this binge. You know, like she told me turned on me.
Dianna Jaramillo: And she wasn't supportive at all. She was being. She was being a real bitch.
Dianna Jaramillo: For for the first couple weeks after I lost my job and then that's when I started everything here. That's what my better. So I mean, really, she did. She turned on me first.
Dominique Pozo: I get that and gosh this what a what a wake up to you. Around relapsing whether it's with an opiate or alcohol or whatever, how much can be lost.
Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, very, very quickly. Everything was gone.
Dianna Jaramillo: Everything my whole entire life. Everything that I had worked so hard for was gone.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I have a lot of faith in you and I see how well you've done so far been in the program. And I think this is just this is a really tough part of the passage and I really believe you know I believe in you to get through this.
Dominique Pozo: I do. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah me too narrowly do. I mean, this is like the hardest it's ever been in my life and
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, but I do. I feel like you know one way or another. Something's gotta give and and I'll figure it out. Like I always have. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: How do you feel about me sharing with Joan some of where you're currently at the doctor, Dr. Kendall
Dianna Jaramillo: And she yeah
Dominique Pozo: She's a really resource to women. And I just, I kind of want to be a team and see, you know what, how we can help you to to to get back into a better place, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: And that's fine.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I want to ask her, you know, what resources because I'm not living in Santa Fe anymore. I'm kind of disconnected from what's going on at the moment there.
Dominique Pozo: But she might have some ideas of, like, oh, here's a resource or here's a resource that Diana could could utilize at this time to help herself. Get back on her feet. And actually, you know, if and when you choose to, you know,
Dominique Pozo: And relationship that's not in your highest
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah yeah cuz I know that days coming
Dianna Jaramillo: I do. I just, I want to be ready. I want to be prepared and yeah so yeah that's that's great that that'd be awesome.
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: I'm gonna reach out to her after our session.
Dominique Pozo: And actually I'm going to text her. I'm going to text her right now and
Dominique Pozo: See if
Dominique Pozo: Cuz because we still have a little time would and you can totally say no. But, I'm, I'm wondering, would you be open to her popping on for a moment.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh, gosh.
Dominique Pozo: Maybe too much might be too much to
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, I'm gonna talk to her. I'll talk to her.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: It's a lot to
Dominique Pozo: To bring up but um I just
Dominique Pozo: I just, I, I do believe there's more support out there and I just don't know exactly what it is.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, yeah. And there, and I know there is a be nuts. That's what did I used to
Dianna Jaramillo: help a lot of people with was, you know, these resources and and I've racked my brains and I look stuff up and I can't, I can't really find anything.
Dianna Jaramillo: But it's been a little while so i don't i don't know there might be a lot of new stuff out there. No. Okay, especially with all this that's going on.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, definitely. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Let's take a few moments and just switch gears to a little more resourcing and not continuing to going into the problem. So,
Dominique Pozo: I think I just, I am having this image that image of the fire and your heart, you know, and I just want to remember that.
Dominique Pozo: Yes, yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So let's just
Dominique Pozo: Let's be with that for for a few breaths and just
Dominique Pozo: Keep your vision on that fire that you carry and it's yours, you know, and nobody can take it away. Nobody can blow it out. This is yours.
Dominique Pozo: And really
Dominique Pozo: imagining that this is like the most precious flame. It's like
Dominique Pozo: You know, it's, it's your essence. It's what keeps you going, what keeps your body warm with vitality and life.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, just
Dominique Pozo: keep seeing that fire.
Dominique Pozo: Burning strong steady
Dominique Pozo: And, you know, really acknowledging the fear to it's real. And it's, it's like
Dominique Pozo: It's a signal saying, Wow, something's off if there's this much fear, something's off. So just really honoring the fear to, you know, it's your it's another ally, it's your voice. A voice saying, hey, how can we not be so afraid and just, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Right.
Dominique Pozo: And then I am going to invite you to, I don't know if you've ever had this experience, but sometimes. Have you ever sat around the fire quietly long enough and ideas start to come
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes, oh yeah, I love it. I love doing that, actually.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, so just so just, just know that you have this, you know, eternal flame inside of you that you can sit with and maybe putting some trust in that that fire you carry that if you sit with it long enough, the answers will come, you know they're there.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right, exactly. Absolutely.
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm just that.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, really making the time for that and and
Dominique Pozo: And yeah, just trusting your wisdom, you know, you know what you need to do for now to survive in a safe enough way and trusting not to
Dianna Jaramillo: Do. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: What's a good healing color that you can imagine that you can just wrap your body. If you can imagine like wrapping yourself in this light that's protective and it's strong and it's filled with goodness and grace. What color would that be or colors.
Dianna Jaramillo: White
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Just take a moment and imagine two feet below your feet. So just imagine a space two feet below your feet right now and just
Dominique Pozo: Start to imagine that white lights spiraling up and it's spiraling around you even like a foot out on each side. It's your protection. It's your buffer.
Dominique Pozo: And that white light is just coming up up and it's going along your hips along your belly along your chest and it's spiraling up above your head. Another two feet, and it's like this, the shell of strong protection.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: I used to do a meditation, very similar to that that was
Dianna Jaramillo: Is very similar to that. And that's really good.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, just
Dianna Jaramillo: Keep
Dominique Pozo: Keep yourself, you know, strong until you move through this for me because I see you're, you're really in it, you're like in the middle of it, and you're going to get through it. But right now, you're in the middle of it.
Dominique Pozo: Right, yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: ALL RIGHT, DIANA. Okay, thank you. See you in two. Okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay, thank you so much. Dominique, you have a wonderful day.
Dominique Pozo: You too. I'm glad your data worked out.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, me too. Thankfully, a good hitting
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay, I'll see you soon.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Bye bye.
Dianna Jaramillo: Bye bye.